README.md, before:

# 5100project3

### Driving questions: Which state offers the most number of veg/vegan restaurants per 100,000 residents? Which cuisine is the most popular amongst the existing veg/vegan restaurants? 

## Clean data ✅
- Find and clean state population dataset (Emily Lin) ✅
- Clean up restaurant dataset (Emily Lin) ✅
    - Get rid of unnecessary columns
    - Parse out cuisines
    - Categories: identify if restaurants are Vegan, Vegetarian, or Both 
    - Clean prices 

## Visualizations
- US Map ✅
- Plot restaurants (Carolyn Morikawa) ✅
- State color luminance/saturation by ratio of veg/vegan restaurants per 100,000 residents (Cynthia Shen) 
    - mouseover (Emily) ✅
    - color (Cynthia) ✅
    - Legend (Cynthia)
- Bar graphs
    - Graph #1: Distribution of top 10 cuisines (Emily) ✅
    - Graph #2: Distribution of dietary (Carolyn) 
    - Graph #3: Distribution of max price OR lollipop graph of min and max price (Emily)
    - Adding pop up interactions for the graphs (Carolyn)

## Filters
- Cuisine ✅ 
- Dietary ✅
- Max price slider (Emily)
- Counter for number of restaurants 

## Bonus features
- Zooming in to see county outlines 
    - pan and zoom entire map (Carolyn) ✅
    - dots zoom (Cynthia)

Commit message:

price mean calculator python script

README.md, after:

# 5100project3

### Driving questions: Which state offers the most number of veg/vegan restaurants per 100,000 residents? Which cuisine is the most popular amongst the existing veg/vegan restaurants? 

## Clean data ✅
- Find and clean state population dataset (Emily Lin) ✅
- Clean up restaurant dataset (Emily Lin) ✅
    - Get rid of unnecessary columns
    - Parse out cuisines
    - Categories: identify if restaurants are Vegan, Vegetarian, or Both 
    - Clean prices 

## Visualizations
- US Map ✅
- Plot restaurants (Carolyn Morikawa) ✅
- State color luminance/saturation by ratio of veg/vegan restaurants per 100,000 residents (Cynthia Shen) 
    - mouseover (Emily) ✅
    - color (Cynthia) ✅
    - Legend (Cynthia)
- Bar graphs
    - Graph #1: Distribution of top 10 cuisines (Emily) ✅
    - Graph #2: Distribution of dietary (Carolyn) 
    - Graph #3: bar bell chart showing the distribution of all the cuisines and the difference in prices of vegan and vegetarian (Emily)
    - Adding pop up interactions for the graphs (Carolyn)

## Filters
- Cuisine ✅ 
- Dietary ✅
- Max price slider (Emily)
- Counter for number of restaurants 

## Bonus features
- Zooming in to see county outlines 
    - pan and zoom entire map (Carolyn) ✅
    - dots zoom (Cynthia)
